Hello everyone and welcome to the school with our lecturer.
If you're familiar with databases then you're probably familiar sequel which is a structured query language
.
But we're going to do is show you different strategies for figuring out how to connect in our session
with a sequel database.
Now there's lots of different engines and lots of different flavors of sequel.
So it doesn't make sense to do an exhaustive list of every single type of sequel engine.
Otherwise this would take forever to show.
Instead we're going to do a show a general strategy for how to figure out how to connect your our session
with sequel where we're going to do is go ahead and jumped.
There's no book for this lecture.
All right here I am at the notebook.
Again this is going to be a little bit of a brief lecture because connecting art to a sequel database
is really completely dependent on the type of database you're using such as My sequel Oracle M-S access
postgresql sequel etc. and it's also dependent on whether you have admin rights or permissions to even
connect and read from that database.
If you're trying to work for database with are at your place of work I would highly recommend that you
talk to whoever's in charge of admin or administrating that database in order to get the best way of
connecting to that database with our against instead of trying to cover all of these various flavors
of sequels as the all required different packages.
Well we're going to do and this lecture is point you in the right direction for various database types
.
Once you've downloaded the correct library actually connecting is usually quite simple.
It's just a matter then of passing and sequel queries such as selects Asterix from table through our
let's go ahead and show a general version using the DBI package.
Now we're going to point to more specific resources.
The general way to connect to a sequel database is using this our ODBC library and regardless of what
you decide to use I highly recommend the Google search consisting of whatever your database of choices
have or flavor a sequel.
Plus are usually there's a bunch of specialized package for for creature specific type of sequel.
A lot of those packages are usually built on top of this package.
Are the B C.
Usually what you'll do is call the library do some sort of connection that involves passing in your
database name your user ID and then your password for that database then usually have some sort of connection
fetch meaning you connect to your database and then you connect to a table in that database and then
you ask for a sequel query from that table connection.
You pasand some sort of query like select Asterix from table and if you're not familiar of sequel go
ahead and check out my other course complete sequel boot camp.
For more information and context of what this actually all means.
If you're completely unfamiliar of sequel you should probably just skip the rest of this lecture.
Well let's go ahead and continue.
For people that are familiar sequel.
Once you've done that sequel Kuri you're going to get this query data and that's usually going to be
just the data frame that you're going to close connection and you're going to be able to work with the
state of frame and it has all the data that you have in your database and then if you have the right
admin permissions you're going to be able to use these packages or libraries to write whatever you just
worked with.
In our back to your database.
All right.
Here are some basic packages for different flavors of sequel.
They are my sequel packages provides a nice interface for my sequel databases.
There's an R Oracle package that provides an interface for Oracle and then the Arjay DBC package provides
access to databases.
The Rajai DBC interface.
Again Google is really the best way to go about it.
For your personal situation since databases and your permissions can differ a lot then I really can't
stress that enough for this sort of thing you're probably going to have to do a lot of independent research
to figure out how to actually make the connection.
Now we're going to show you an example of how you would actually approach that sort of independent research
.
What you would do is go to google first.
So let me go ahead and jump to Google dot com.
And then what you would do is you would just say our plus and then whatever flavor of sequel you're
looking for in this case let's say we're looking for postgresql sequel and you'll get some results back
.
Usually within the top results you'll have Crann packages and that's exactly what we're looking for
Basically the Krant package is what you're going to be installing.
You go ahead and click that link and you should see a page that looks like this is exactly what you're
looking for.
This is the package name our PostScript sequel and then what you can do is scroll down and so you see
reference manual.
And this will usually be a PDA file.
You just click and this PDA file is going to look a little bit ugly and a little bit intimidating but
it's basically just a documentation of all the methods in this actual library.
Once you figured out that this is the package you want.
By reading the description here database interface and postgresql driver for our That means for using
post-career sequel This is exactly what you want.
Well go ahead and do is jump to our studio and install our postscripts sequel which would look something
like this.
Why don't we go out and jump to our studio now here in our studio.
You would say install packages and then put in the package that you just discovered.
In this case it was our postscripts sequel and make sure my capitalization is right that last else should
be a capital L.
Then you just go ahead and install that package
once that package is done installing.
You can go ahead and do is say library and call our postscripts sequel.
Once you've loaded up that package by calling library you can then ask help for that package.
Now something to know is if I were to just say help our postscripts sequel I may not get any results
I may get something that says no documentation for that library but then it suggests try question mark
question mark.
Are post-career sequel which is basically going to search the available documentation.
That's a good second step here and then what you'll see is you get some search results in the documentation
over here for connections to put our postscripts sequel.
You can see here that the player library actually has a way to connect to post-career sequel on its
own but you'll also see our PostScript sequel such as class host sequel connection driver object etc.
.
Now what you can do is click on one of these such as class post sequel connection and then read up on
the documentation and it usually if you scroll all the way down will be some simple examples.
What's probably more useful to you instead of just searching through the documentation for some specific
knowledge.
It's usually easier to actually just do a google search for examples.
Let's go ahead and hop back to the browser with Google.
All right here I am back at Google.
Now that we've installed the our PostScript sequel library package and we've been able to actually search
documentation within our studio.
Well we probably want is not just specific documentation but a little tutorial where we can go ahead
and do that through Google just say our postscripts sequel and then usually in the top hits you'll find
something from our bloggers and our bloggers is a great Web site with hints tips and different little
mini tutorials on getting started with different packages and are.
And in this case this looks like exactly what we want.
Getting started with post gresse sequel in our.
You'll go ahead and click that link.
It'll take you to our bloggers page.
I highly recommend you check out our bloggers.
Well by now if you'd done some Googling around you've found out about our bloggers.
There's even a list here with our jobs.
In case you're looking for a job as a data scientist if all the knowledge you've just gained from this
course.
Well let's go ahead and hop back from that aside and check out this tutorial.
You'll notice here this is a full fledged tutorial on how to install software start up a new server
set up new users in PGE Advento fear.
If you're familiar post-career sequel that makes sense to you.
PGE admin is the most common interface with postscripts sequel but what we're really looking for.
If we go ahead and zoom in here is the connection with R and basically you can just copy and paste this
and figure out how to connect with are using the R postgresql package.
And here we can see all you have to do is call the our postscripts sequel package which either require
or library.
Then we create a connection.
You have your password here.
You say DBI driver called postscripts sequel and then you're going to say D-B connect your database
name your host your ports your user and your password.
If you don't know this particular information like your port number the D-B name your host or user then
I would highly suggest you start talking to whoever's in charge of administrating or maintaining your
database.
They should know this sort of information here in order to help you get connected to that database.
And then there's more to Toro's and how to write a load of our postgresql sequel and after checking
out this data you should begin to have a good understanding of how to actually use this.
Our postgresql library and basically this entire approach of Google searching.
Getting the package checking out the documentation and then looking around for some tutorials is really
the best way.
When you're dealing with sequel with are there just so many different types of sequel engines that it's
kind of unreasonable to go to one source as your only source for learning how to connect with R and
sequel.
Most likely what you're going to do is a little bit of independent research.
If you ever have any questions on this feel free to post the Q8 forums and me and the other students
are going to be happy to help you out.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.